Userland: Add watch tool (#2658)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man1/watch.md

## Name

watch - execute a program periodically

## Synopsis

`watch [-n interval] [-t] [-b] command`

## Description

Run a command full-screen periodically until interrupted, then return the
aggregated error code.

## Options

> * '-n': Interval between executions, in seconds

Reviewer: "By default, the program is run each 2 seconds."

* '-t': Don't print the title bar

> * '-b': Beep if the command has a non-zero exit status

Reviewer: Each time the program exits with non-zero status, right?

## Exit Values

* 0 - Success

> * 1 - At least one invocation of command failed or returned non-zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 - At least one invocation of the command failed or exited with a non-zero status
```

## Examples

```sh
$ watch -n1 ls

> $ watch -t -- uname -a

Reviewer: Maybe it's a task for another time, but it'd be cool if we could tell `ArgsParser` to tell `getopt` to treat all options after the first argument as arguments, not options. Then we'd be able to use that setting here in `watch`, and would not need the `--` in this example.
